  Users and groups:
          Groups:
                Agroup is a collection of users. 
                The main purpose of the groups is to 
                define a set of privileges like read, write, or 
                execute permission for a given resource that can be shared 
                among the users within the group. Users can be added to an existing
                group to utilize the privileges it grants.
   Primary group:
                 Is the group that is assigned to the files that are
                 created by the user. Usually, the name of the primary 
                 group is the same as the name of the user. 
                 Each user must belong to exactly one primary group.
  Secondary group:
                 A groups are stored in the /etc/group file.
	         A user can belong to zero or more secondary groups.

           User:
                 Users are accounts ,used to login into a system
                 Each user identified with unique identification number.
                 The information of users in a system are stored in /etc/passwd file. 
                 The hashed passwords for users are stored in /etc/shadow file.
          
		chage [options] LOGIN
           sudo user:
                The sudo command allows you to run programs with the security privileges of 
                another user (by default, as the superuser). 
             

    Oprations performs by using following commands:
	1)whoami :  To display the username of the current use.
	2)su :      To switch user
	3)useradd : Add a user to the system.
	4)userdel : Delete a user account and related files.
	5)groupadd :Add a group to the system.
	6)delgroup :Remove a group from the system.
	7)groupdel -To delete group
	8)usermod : Modify a user account.	
        9)usermod - To append user to the secondary group.
	10)cat /etc/passwd : To check addition of the user 
  	11)passwd  : To assign the password to user  
	12)id : To get data about user and its group 
	13)chage : change user password expiry information.
	14)sudo: run one or more commands as another user typically with superuser permissions.



