  Accessing files: In this includes the details of file permission and access modes.
                    Every file in Unix has following attributes.

  A)Owner permissions− The owner's permissions determine what actions the owner of the 
                       file can perform on the file.
  
  B)Group permissions −The group's permissions determine what actions a user, who is
                       a member of the group that a file belongs to, can perform on the file.

  C)Other permissions − The permissions for others indicate what action all other users can 
                        perform on the file.
Permission indicators are:
                        While using ls -l command, it displays various information related to
                        file permission as follows −
                        ls -l 
                        -rwxr-xr--  1  
                        drwxr-xr--- 1  
   The permissions are of three types: 
                  read having (4) permission write having (2) permission,
                  execute having (1) permission.

                  The first group of three characters:
                  e.g. -rwxr-xr-- represents that the owner has read (r), write (w) and execute (x) permission.

                  The second group of three characters:
                  e.g. -rwxr-xr-- represents that the group has read (r) and execute (x) permission,
                  but no write permission.

                  The last group of three characters:
                  e.g. -rwxr-xr-- represents that there is read (r) only permission.
   File access modes:
                  The basic building blocks of Unix permissions are the 
                  read, write, and execute are given below-

              Read:
                 It view the contents of the file.

             Write:
                 To modify, or remove the content of the file.

             Execute:
                 User with execute permissions can run a file as a program.
    
             User with execute permissions can run a file as a program.
             Directory Access Modes

 	          No permission 	---
        	1)Execute permission 	--x
	        2)Write permission 	-w-
	        3)Execute and write permission: 1 (execute) + 2 (write) = 3 	-wx
	        4)Read permission 	r--
	        5)Read and execute permission: 4 (read) + 1 (execute) = 5 	r-x
	        6)Read and write permission: 4 (read) + 2 (write) = 6 	rw-
	        7)All permissions: 4 (read) + 2 (write) + 1 (execute) = 7 	rwx

       Changing Owners and Groups:
           While creating an account on Unix, it assigns a owner ID and 
           a group ID to each user. All the permissions mentioned above 
           are also assigned based on the Owner and the Groups.

          Two commands are available to change the owner and the group of files −
           chown command:
           chown − The chown command stands for "change owner" and is used to 
           change the owner of a file.

           chown command to change owner and group assignments,the sytax is:
           chown owner:group filename
           So to change the owner of the file to user and group to family you enter
           chown user:family file.

           chmod command:
           chmod command allows you to change the permissions on a file using either a symbolic or a numeric mode.
           Syntax:
           chmode g=r filename.




